https://developer.intuit.com/docs/0000_about_intuit_developer/0090_legal_agreements/001_intuit_partner_platform_terms_of_service

Intuit Terms of Service for Intuit Developer Services

INTUIT TERMS OF SERVICE FOR
INTUIT DEVELOPER SERVICES

Thank you for selecting the Services offered by Intuit Inc. and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates (referred to as "Intuit", "we", "our", or "us"). Review these Terms of Service ("Agreement") thoroughly. This Agreement is a legal agreement between you and Intuit. By accepting electronically (for example, clicking “I Agree”), installing, accessing or using the Services, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to this Agreement, then you may not use the Services.

This document consists of the following sections:

A. GENERAL TERMS
Last revised: October 2014
B.  ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE INTUIT DEVELOPER SERVICES
Last revised: October 2014
C.  EXHIBITS: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR OPTIONAL INTUIT DEVELOPER SERVICES
Last revised: October 2014​
Appendix 1: Developer Applications Advertising Restrictions
Last revised: October 2014
A. GENERAL TERMS 
1. AGREEMENT

This Agreement describes the terms governing your use of the Intuit online services provided to you on this website, including content, updates and new releases, (collectively, the “Services”). It includes by reference:

Intuit's Privacy Statement provided to you in the Services available on the website or provided to you otherwise.
Additional Terms and Conditions, which may include those from third parties.
Any terms provided separately to you for the Services, including product or program terms, ordering, activation, payment terms, etc.
2. YOUR RIGHTS TO USE THE SERVICES 

2.1 Usage is nontransferable.

The Services are protected by copyright, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws. You are only granted the right to use the Services and only for the purposes described by Intuit. Intuit reserves all other rights in the Services. Until termination of this Agreement and as long as you meet any applicable payment obligations and comply with this Agreement, Intuit grants to you a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable right and license to use the Services.

2.2 Third party use not permitted.

You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Services or content in a manner that violates any applicable law, regulation or this Agreement. You agree you will not:

Provide access to or give any part of the Services to any third party.
Reproduce, modify, copy, deconstruct, sell, trade or resell the Services.
Make the Services available on any file-sharing or application hosting service.
3. PAYMENT

For Services offered on a payment or subscription basis, the following terms apply, unless Intuit notifies you otherwise in writing. This Agreement also incorporates by reference and includes program ordering and payment terms provided to you on the website for the Services:

a. Payments will be billed to you in U.S. dollars, and your account will be debited when you subscribe and provide your payment information, unless stated otherwise in the program ordering or payment terms on the website for the Services.

b. You must pay with one of the following:

1. A valid credit card acceptable to Intuit;

2. A valid debit card acceptable to Intuit;

3. Sufficient funds in a checking or savings account to cover an electronic debit of the payment due;
or

4. By another payment option Intuit provides to you in writing.

c. If your payment and registration information is not accurate, current, and complete and you do not notify us promptly when such information changes, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any use of the Services.

d. If you do not notify us of updates to your payment method (e.g., credit card expiration date), to avoid interruption of your service, we may participate in programs supported by your card provider (e.g., updater services, recurring billing programs, etc.) to try to update your payment information, and you authorize us to continue billing your account with the updated information that we obtain.

e. Intuit will automatically renew your monthly, quarterly, or annual Services at the then-current rates, unless the Services are cancelled or terminated under this Agreement.

f. Additional cancellation or renewal terms may be provided to you on the website for the Services.

4. USE WITH YOUR MOBILE DEVICE

Use of these Services may be available through a compatible mobile device, Internet access and may require software.  You agree that you are solely responsible for these requirements, including any applicable changes, updates and fees as well as the terms of your agreement with your mobile device and telecommunications provider.

INTUIT MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED AS TO:

a. THE AVAILABILITY OF TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES FROM YOUR PROVIDER AND ACCESS TO THE SERVICES AT ANY TIME OR FROM ANY LOCATION;

b. ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSION OF THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES; AND

c. ANY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE TO TRANSMIT ANY DATA, COMMUNICATIONS OR SETTINGS CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICES.

5. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You can view Intuit’s Privacy Statement provided with the Services and on the website for the Services. You agree to the applicable Intuit Privacy Statement, and any changes published by Intuit. You agree that Intuit may use and maintain your data according to the Intuit Privacy Statement, as part of the Services.  You give Intuit permission to combine information you enter or upload for the Services with that of other users of the Services and/or other Intuit services.  For example, this means that Intuit may use your and other users’ non-identifiable, aggregated data to improve the Services or to design promotions and provide ways for you to compare business practices with other users. Intuit is a global company and may access or store personal information in multiple countries, including countries outside of your own country to the extent permitted by applicable law.

6. CONTENT

6.1 You are responsible for your content.

You are responsible for all materials ("Content") uploaded, posted or stored through your use of the Services.  You grant Intuit a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to host and use any Content provided through your use of the Services.   Archive your Content frequently. You are responsible for any lost or unrecoverable Content. You must provide all required and appropriate warnings, information and disclosures. Intuit is not responsible for the Content or data you submit through the Services.

You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Services to upload, post, distribute, link to, publish, reproduce, engage in or transmit any of the following, including but not limited to:

a. Illegal, fraudulent, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, threatening, abusive, hateful, harassing, offensive, inappropriate or objectionable information or communications of any kind, including without limitation conduct that would encourage "flaming" others, or criminal or civil liability under any local, state, federal or foreign law;

b. Content that would impersonate someone else or falsely represent your identity or qualifications, or that constitutes a breach of any individual’s privacy;

c. Except as permitted by Intuit in writing, investment opportunities, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, other unsolicited commercial communication or engage in spamming or flooding;

d. Virus, trojan horse, worm or other disruptive or harmful software or data; and any information, software or Content which is not legally yours and without permission from the copyright owner or intellectual property rights owner.

6.2 Community forums.

The Services may include a community forum or other social features to exchange Content and information with other users of the Services and the public. Intuit does not support and is not responsible for the content in these community forums.  Please use respect when you interact with other users. Do not reveal information that you do not want to make public. Users may post hypertext links to content of third parties for which Intuit is not responsible.

6.3 Intuit may freely use feedback you provide.

You agree that Intuit may use your feedback, suggestions, or ideas in any way, including in future modifications of the Services, other products or services, advertising or marketing materials. You grant Intuit a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, non-revocable, fully paid-up, royalty free license to use the feedback you provide to Intuit in any way.

6.4 Intuit may monitor your content.

Intuit may, but has no obligation to, monitor content on the Services. We may disclose any information necessary to satisfy our legal obligations, protect Intuit or its customers, or operate the Services properly. Intuit, in its sole discretion, may refuse to post, remove, or refuse to remove, any Content, in whole or in part, alleged to be unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate, or in violation of this Agreement.

7. ADDITIONAL TERMS

7.1 Intuit does not give professional advice.

Unless specifically included with the Services, Intuit is not in the business of providing legal, financial, accounting, tax, health care, real estate or other professional services or advice. Consult the services of a competent professional when you need this type of assistance.

7.2 We may tell you about other Intuit services.

You may be offered other services, products, or promotions by Intuit ("Intuit Services"). Additional terms and conditions and fees may apply. With some Intuit Services you may upload or enter data from your account(s) such as names, addresses and phone numbers, purchases, etc., to the Internet.  You grant Intuit permission to use information about your business and experience to help us to provide the Intuit Services to you and to enhance the Services. You grant Intuit permission to combine your business data, if any, with that of others in a way that does not identify you or any individual personally. You also grant Intuit permission to share or publish summary results relating to research data and to distribute or license such data to third parties.

7.3 Communications.

Intuit may be required by law to send you communications about the Services or Third Party Products. You agree that Intuit may send these communications to you via email or by posting them on our websites

7.4 You will manage your passwords and accept updates.

You are responsible for securely managing your password(s) for the Services and to contact Intuit if you become aware of any unauthorized access to your account. The Services may periodically be updated with tools, utilities, improvements, third party applications, or general updates to improve the Services. You agree to receive these updates.

8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

8.1 YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, SOFTWARE, AND CONTENT IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

EXCEPT AS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, LICENSORS, DISTRIBUTORS OR SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY,"SUPPLIERS") DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES ARE FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, DATA LOSS, NON-INTERFERENCE WITH OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OR THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY OR CONTENT IN OR LINKED TO THE SERVICES. INTUIT AND ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES ARE SECURE, FREE FROM BUGS, VIRUSES, INTERRUPTION, ERRORS, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION. IF THE EXCLUSIONS FOR IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO YOU, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO 60 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE OR DELIVERY OF THE SERVICES, WHICHEVER IS SOONER.

8.2 INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES.

INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL SATISFY OR ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH ANY LEGAL OBLIGATIONS OR LAWS OR REGULATIONS.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO SUCH CLAIM. SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (B) DAMAGES RELATING TO FAILURES OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS, THE INTERNET, ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, CORRUPTION, SECURITY, LOSS OR THEFT OF DATA, VIRUSES, SPYWARE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS OR INVESTMENT, OR USE OF SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE THAT DOES NOT MEET INTUIT SYSTEMS REQUIREMENTS. THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF INTUIT AND ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES AND ITS USE.

You agree to indemnify and hold Intuit and its Affiliates and Suppliers harmless from any and all claims, liability and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of your use of the Services or breach of this Agreement (collectively referred to as "Claims"). Intuit reserves the right, in its sole discretion and at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any Claims. You agree to reasonably cooperate as requested by Intuit in the defense of any Claims.

10. CHANGES

We reserve the right to change this Agreement at any time, and the changes will be effective when posted through the Services, on our website for the Services or when we notify you by other means. We may also change or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part. Your continued use of the Services indicates your agreement to the changes.

11. TERMINATION

Intuit may immediately, in its sole discretion and without notice terminate this Agreement or suspend the Services if you fail to comply with this Agreement or if you no longer agree to receive electronic communications. Upon termination you must immediately stop using the Services and any outstanding payments will become due. Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect Intuit’s rights to any payments due to it. Intuit may terminate a free account at any time. Sections 2.2, 3 through 15 will survive and remain in effect even if the Agreement is terminated.

12. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS

You acknowledge that the Services, including the mobile application, and the underlying software may include U.S. technical data subject to restrictions under export control laws and regulations administered by the United States government. You agree that you will comply with these laws and regulations, and will not export or re-export any part of the Services, in violation of these laws and regulations, directly or indirectly.

13. GOVERNING LAW

California state law governs this Agreement without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.

14. DISPUTES

ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN IN COURT, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.  The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision; the arbitrator shall apply California law to all other matters.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any party to the arbitration may at any time seek injunctions or other forms of equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction. WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.  BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, YOU AGREE THAT YOU AND INTUIT ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT AND THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY.  IN ADDITION, YOU AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR LITIGATE ON A CLASS-WIDE BASIS.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE EXPRESSLY AND KNOWINGLY WAIVED THESE RIGHTS. 

To begin an arbitration proceeding, send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Intuit Inc., in care of our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Wilmington, DE 19808.  Arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) before a single AAA arbitrator under the AAA’s rules, which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.  Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and costs will be governed by the AAA's rules, but if you are unable to pay any of them, Intuit will pay them for you.  In addition, Intuit will reimburse all such fees and costs for claims totaling less than $75,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.  Likewise, Intuit will not seek its attorneys’ fees or costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines your claims or defenses are frivolous.  You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.  The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and not appealable, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  This Section 14 shall survive expiration, termination or rescission of this Agreement. 

15. GENERAL

This Agreement, including the Additional Terms, Exhibits and any requirements, policies and guidelines referred to these terms, is the entire agreement between you and Intuit and replaces all prior understandings, communications and agreements, oral or written, regarding its subject matter. If any court of law, having the jurisdiction, rules that any part of this Agreement is invalid, that section will be removed without affecting the remainder of the Agreement. The remaining terms will be valid and enforceable. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement. You cannot assign or transfer ownership of this Agreement to anyone without written approval of Intuit. However, Intuit may assign or transfer it without your consent to (a) an affiliate, (b) a company through a sale of assets by Intuit or (c) a successor by merger. Any assignment in violation of this Section shall be void. If you want to request a transfer of this Agreement, contact Intuit via an email to: transfer_license@intuit.com.

October 2014

B.  ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTUIT DEVELOPER SERVICES
Your use of the Services provided by Intuit are subject to the General Terms of Service above including these Additional Terms and Conditions which govern your use of the Services indicated below.  These Additional Terms and Conditions shall prevail over any conflict or inconsistency with the General Terms of Service above.

1. TERRITORY

You understand that your use of the Services and any distribution of an application, platform or service developed, owned, distributed or made accessible by you as a developer (“Developer Application(s)”) shall be limited solely to authorized countries identified in the applicable Exhibit for the particular Service you want (the “Territory”).

2. SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS FOR INTUIT DEVELOPER, APIs & SDK

By installing, accessing, or using the Intuit Developer Services or SDK, you agreed to these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, then you may not use the Intuit Developer Services or SDK. As set forth below, Intuit provides the following to developers under the Services:

The Intuit Developer Software Development Kits and any associated documentation, developer tools, software code, modules, libraries, APIs, sample data, test accounts, toolkits, or other materials made available by Intuit with or in connection with the Intuit Developer Software Development Kit (collectively the "SDK").
The Intuit Developer Services, including the Apps.com marketplace, related marketing and promotional services (if any), features, functionality, and content (excluding End User Data) accessible on or through Intuit Developer (collectively “ID”).
2.1 Use of the SDK and related elements of the Services.

Development License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Intuit grants you a limited, royalty-free, non- assignable, non-transferrable, revocable, personal and non-exclusive license to use and reproduce elements of the SDK solely to develop or test your applications that will access or interface with ID (“Developer Application”).
Sandbox Environment. Intuit may provide tools, materials such as QuickBooks Online accounts and sample data as part of a sandbox environment to allow developers to use such tools and materials solely for your internal testing of your Developer Application. You shall not use such tools, materials and sample data for other purposes, including commercial use to operate or interface with your Developer Application. All tools and materials are provided “AS IS” and may be removed or modified at any time. You agree that all use of such tools and materials will be in accordance with Intuit’s usage policies which may change from time to time. Intuit may post on the developer’s site and/or send an email to you with notices of any changes.  You may use anonymous, non-live data only. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device to create QuickBooks or developer accounts for any use and you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. This is a material provision of this Agreement. Intuit may charge you the then current fee for the tools and materials if Intuit reasonably believes that you have used such materials in breach of these terms. You agree to pay the fee no later than thirty (30) from date of invoice.  Intuit reserves all rights and remedies.
Third Party Content. Tools and materials may also include third party tools that Intuit makes available on this Site or via a link provided on this Site.  Intuit is not affiliated with such third parties and assumes no liability for them or their tools.  Nor does Intuit recommend these tools to you. You should evaluate such tools and their associated terms and conditions to make your own assessments.  All third party content is the responsibility of the licensor or owner.
Harmony License. You may use the Harmony SDK  to create user interface elements within your Developer Application. Your License to use our Harmony SDK is subject to your compliance with our design guidelines and requirements, which may be made available to you on an Intuit website.  Notwithstanding any terms, you shall not use the Harmony Toolkit for any applications, services or products that (i) do not interoperate with QuickBooks Online; and (ii) do not provide substantial functionality and feature beyond core accounting capabilities offered in QuickBooks Online.  Further, you must (a) include the following phrase “Works/Interoperates with QuickBooks” when marketing your Developer Application; and (ii) market the Developer Application via Intuit’s app store at www.apps.intuit.com.  Intuit reserves the right to terminate this license, in its sole discretion, at any time without notice.
Compliance with ID Requirements and Guidelines. All developers must comply with the ID Development Requirements and Guidelines [click here to view] and Security Guidelines [click here to view], which may be updated by Intuit from time to time.
Distribution/ Access. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may distribute or provide access to the Developer Application to your end user customers, provided that: (i) you do not distribute the Developer Application in source code form; (ii) you provide an end user agreement that contains the provisions set forth in Section 13 or Exhibit A, as applicable in all material respects and a privacy policy that is consistent with the terms of this Agreement; (iii) you shall be solely responsible for any liability which may arise from the (a) development, use, marketing or distribution of or access to the Developer Application, including support of the Developer Application;  (b) your access, use, distribution or storage of End User Data; (iv) you shall comply with all applicable local, state, national or international laws or regulations, and policies of regulatory bodies or agencies in the territories that you operate in or market or distribute the Developer Application into, including territories where you collect or gather End User Data from; (v) you do not develop or distribute Developer Application in any way in furtherance of criminal, fraudulent, or other unlawful activity; (vi) you comply with Intuit’s requirements, guidelines and policies; (vii) you will not make any statements that your Developer Application  “certified,” or have been reviewed by Intuit, or that their performance is guaranteed, by Intuit, and (viii) you will not use Intuit’s name, logo or trademarks to market your Developer Application without prior written permission of Intuit. You may not create a Developer Application that is designed to, or have the effect of, circumventing our rules and policies as described in any policy, guideline or legal agreement.
Restrictions. You agree that you will not (and will not permit any third party to) directly or indirectly: (a) distribute, sell, lease, rent, lend, or sublicense any part of the SDK to any third party except as permitted herein; (b)modify, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, decrypt, decompile, decode, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to obtain the human readable form of the SDK; (c) conduct benchmark testing using all or any portion of the SDK; (d) remove or destroy any copyright notices, proprietary markings or confidential legends placed upon or contained within the SDK; and (e) engage in any activity with the SDK that interferes with, disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks, data, or other properties or services of Intuit or any affiliated third party.
2.2 Access to Intuit Developer Services.

Access.Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may(a) access ID solely for purposes of developing and testing your Developer Application; and (b) permit your end user customers to access their end user data from the Intuit Developer solely via the Developer Application, provided that, the end user has expressly authorized Intuit to share his end user data with you.  As Intuit may have different types of user data, the authorization from end user must be specific as to the type of data that your Developer Application is requesting.  You must not use or access any data that end user has not specifically authorized you to use for the Developer Application. You must require separate end user consent for each type of data requested, ie. QuickBooks Online data and QuickBooks Payment data.  Intuit reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to ID at any time for any reason without liability to you.
Restrictions. You agree that you will not (and will not permit any third party to) directly or indirectly use ID (or any Developer Application that accesses ID ) to upload or otherwise transmit any information, data (including End User Data), text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials (collectively, “Content”) that violates the terms provided in Section A6 of the General Terms above. Additionally, you agree that you will not (and will not permit any third party to) directly or indirectly, (a) interfere with or disrupt the performance or integrity of IDor End User Data; or (b) attempt to gain unauthorized access to ID, its related servers, network, systems, services, data or any other properties or services of Intuit or any affiliated third party. 
End User Data.To the extent your Developer Application receives, obtains, collects, stores or has access to any end user data, including but not limited to personal, business, financial, user names, passwords, email addresses, geo-location data, credit card numbers, social security numbers, account records and anything related or derived from the foregoing (“End User Data”), you agree that you will: (a) clearly, conspicuously and completely inform all end users of any and all potential uses of their End User Data by you, your authorized third parties and Intuit and obtain their prior consent for all such uses; (b) not use the End User Data for any other purpose other than for your Developer Application as expressly authorized by your end users; (c)not access, use or distribute the End User Data for any unauthorized purpose or term, including for a longer period of time than reasonably required for the end user to use this End User Data, if an end user takes any action to indicate that he no longer wants his End User Data to be used or accessed for any reason, including ceasing to provide his consent or revoking his consent, terminating or deleting the Developer Application, failing to use or log onto the Developer Application after a reasonable period of time, or failing to subscribe to the Developer Application after the end of a trial period, you must immediately cease all use of or access to the End User Data, including, turning off your access to End User Data from Intuit; (d) not modify, manipulate or change the context of the End User Data; (d) not use the End User Data in furtherance of criminal, fraudulent,  other unlawful activity or any activity that is restricted under our acceptable use policy; (e) not market, sell, transfer or disclose any such End User Data to any third parties, except as expressly permitted by the end user or except as otherwise provided by law; (f) establish and maintain diligent security measures to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of End User Data and ensure secure data handling in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, ordinances, and industry standards, including secure access mechanisms such as SSL based HTTPS connections; (g) with respect to any user credentials stored locally within the Developer Application (where permitted by Intuit in its sole discretion), ensure that (i) the account ID is unique for that end user on the Developer Application; (ii) the password has a minimum of 8 characters in length; (iii) 128-bit SSL is used when transferring any password or Account ID over the internet; and (iv) the password is not stored in plain text and is one-way hashed via SHA-256 (or better) and stored only as hashed values; and (h) comply with all applicable data protection laws or regulations regarding the collection, transfer and use of personal data, including but not limited to EU restrictions against transporting or accessing data outside of the EU to countries with “inadequate” protections. Before you host, store, access, process EU personal data outside of the EU, you will, as applicable, obtain U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor certification, sign a model clause contract that allows for the data transfer, and/or developed and obtained acceptance for Binding Corporate Rules that achieve the same purpose. You understand and acknowledge that in connection with the Developer Application, if Intuit receives or processes any personal data on your behalf, Intuit may share personal data with its affiliates anywhere in the world. You shall notify its end users, and obtain their consent where required by applicable laws. Prior to accessing any End User Data, you shall create and make available to end users your privacy policy related to the sharing of customer information and data between you and any third party.  The terms of such policy will offer no less protection of customer information and data than Intuit’s own Privacy Policy  [click here to view] and must be consistent with the Intuit Data Stewardship Principles, attached as Exhibit B of the Agreement, and applicable laws and regulations. End users must be permitted to express contact preferences, via notice and opt-out, at the point of collection and in each subsequent marketing piece. 
2.3 Updates and Support.

Intuit reserves the right to modify or update the SDK or ID or discontinue offering the SDK and ID at any time in its sole discretion. If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of the SDK or ID at any time, your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease using the SDK and ID and terminate this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Intuit may also, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend access to ID to you or any end user at any time, with or without notice.

2.4 Ownership.

You acknowledge and agree that Intuit owns all right, title, and interest to the SDK, APIs, and Services, including any assets, marks, logos, designs and design specifications provided by or owned by Intuit, and confidential information including all intellectual property rights therein. At no point shall you assert or contest Intuit’s exclusive ownership of the foregoing. Except for the express licenses granted herein, no other licenses are granted by Intuit hereunder, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Intuit. 

2.5 Open Source.

You understand that certain software packages, libraries, or components of the SDK may be licensed under an open source software license (“Open Source Components”). You understand and acknowledge that your use, reproduction and distribution of any such Open Source Components are governed solely by the terms of the applicable open source software license and not this Agreement. If there are any conflicts between the open source software license and this Agreement, this Agreement’s terms control.

3. APPLICATION SUBMISSION AND REVIEW

Intuit may require that all new Developer Applications, and updated Developer Applications as defined by Intuit in its sole discretion, be submitted to Intuit for review and approval prior to being made available for distribution. By submitting your Developer Application to Intuit, you grant Intuit and/or its third party affiliate the right to use the Developer Application for purposes of testing and evaluating such Developer Application’s compatibility and suitability for IDand compliance with the terms of this Agreement. You agree to cooperate with Intuit in the submission process and to answer questions and provide information and materials reasonably requested by Intuit regarding your Developer Application, the operation of your business, or the performance of any of your obligations under this Agreement. You understand and acknowledge that Intuit may, in its sole discretion, reject your Developer Application for any reason, even if such Developer Application complies with all of the then current requirements provided herein. You understand and agree that Intuit shall have no liability for any costs, expenses, and/or damages, including any development or marketing expense and potential lost profits or business opportunities that arise out of or result from Intuit’s review and approval or rejection of such Developer Application or Intuit’s termination of ID or this Agreement. If you make any changes to the Developer Application, including any patches, upgrades, enhancements, bug fixes, or any modification to the functionality, features, or user interface of your Developer Application, Intuit may require you to re-submit the Developer Application for approval. The fact that Intuit has reviewed, tested, or approved of your Developer Application does not relieve you of any of your obligations under this Agreement.

4. INTUIT APP CENTER

Provided your Developer Application is approved for distribution by Intuit pursuant to Section B3 above, you may elect to market or distribute your Developer Application via the Intuit App Center or Intuit website or channel (“App Center”), subject to your compliance with this Agreement and the Intuit App Center Terms and Conditions [http://appcenter.intuit.com/terms].  By submitting the Developer Application for distribution or marketing via the App Center, you agree to the App Center Terms and Conditions.  

5.  CONFIDENTIALITY AND USE OF PROTECTED INFORMATION

5.1 Confidentiality.

You agree that the SDK and the Services, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement are the confidential and proprietary information of Intuit (“Confidential Information”).

5.2 Protected Information.

The confidentiality provisions of the Agreement shall also govern Intuit’s use of information related to you, your Developer Application or your End User Data (collectively, the “Protected Information”).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that Intuit is permitted to use the Protected Information in accordance with the Permitted Uses set forth below:

a. Intuit’s Use of Protected Information. You agree that Intuit and a third party subcontractor acting on Intuit’s behalf may: (i) during the term of this Agreement, use any and all Protected Information internally to provide and improve the SDK, the Services or any other Intuit product/service, provided that neither Intuit nor its third party subcontractor use Protected Information to directly solicit your end users; (ii) use the Protected Information, with prior notice to you unless prohibited from such notification by subpoena or other lawful order of a court of law enforcement agency, to provide email communication to your end users; (iii) offer the SDK or Services or another version of the SDK or Services after any termination or expiration of this Agreement, subject to any opt-out elections by you or your end users, and all applicable laws and regulations; and (iv) at all times, to the extent permitted by law, use and disclose Protected Information in a manner that: (1) does not reveal any “nonpublic personal information” (nonpublic personal information is defined under subtitle A of Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 USC 6801 et seq and its implementing regulations), of your individual end users; and (2) does not reveal that the Protected Information is derived from Intuit’s relationship with you hereunder. Intuit will not use or allow the Protected Information to be used in any manner not permitted under this Section 5.2

Intuit may use anonymous and aggregated Protected Information to publish research data from time to time, and may use, display, distribute or license such anonymous aggregate research data for purposes of helping Intuit improve its products and services, to enable a better and more accurate user experience, and to assist in troubleshooting and technical support.

b. Your Use of Protected Information.  You may use anonymous and aggregated Protected Information collected or stored through the Services to conduct certain analytical research, performance tracking, benchmarking, and decision making.  You may also publish research data comprised of anonymous aggregate data from time to time, and may use, display, distribute or license such aggregated research de-identified, anonymized, data to third parties for purposes of helping to improve your products and services and assist in troubleshooting and technical support.

You may not use the information from the Services specific to any of your individual end users without first: 1) disclosing to your customer the intention to use the collected information in this manner; 2) obtaining affirmative consent from your customer to such use of the collected information.  The disclosure and the consent for this type of data use must be separate from your terms of service.

c. De-Anonymization of Data.  Both you and Intuit agree that use of anonymous, aggregated Protected Information shall not be used in any way as to permit, allow, or encourage the de-anonymization or re-identification of the Protected Information for any purpose.

5.3 Notification of Security Breach.

You shall notify Intuit of any security breach of End User Data within your system, network or application as soon as reasonably practicable to apprise Intuit of such event.

6. PCI COMPLIANCE

If your Developer Application(s) exchange credit card data with Intuit products or services, you must only distribute Developer Applications that (i) comply with local laws, credit card association and processor regulations including, but not limited to, all requirements set forth in the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standard and the Payment Application Data Security Standards, as applicable (which can be found at https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/) for protecting cardholder data, (ii) ensure secure data handling in compliance with all regulations, including industry standard secure access mechanisms such as SSL based HTTPS connections. Intuit reserves the right to deny access to any of its credit card processing services to any Developer Application without notice for any reason.  In the event that access is denied to Intuit’s credit card services you will continue to treat cardholder data as confidential and continue to protect cardholder data in compliance with local laws, credit card association and processor regulations including, but not limited to, all requirements set forth in the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard for protecting cardholder data.  Upon request, you will provide documentation evidencing your compliance with all applicable PCI requirements. If we reasonably believe that a security breach or compromise of data has occurred, we may require you, at your expense, to have a third-party auditor that is approved by us conduct a security audit of your systems and facilities and issue a report to be provided to us or our security providers. 

7. TRADEMARKS AND NAMING

7.1 “ID Logo”

“ID Logo” means the Intuit Developer logo(s), or such additional or replacement logo(s) as Intuit may use from time to time at its sole discretion.

7.2 “Intuit Marks”

“Intuit Marks” means the Intuit company name, Intuit trademarks, logos, product and services names, including but not limited to Intuit, the Intuit corporate logo, QuickBooks, QuickBase, QB, QBO, Mint, TurboTax, Quicken, their respective logos,  and all other Intuit trademarks, logos, product and service names.

7.3 “QuickBooks Logo(s)”

“QuickBooks Logo(s)” means the QuickBooks logo(s), icon, or such additional or replacement logo(s) as Intuit may provide as part of the marketing assets for compliant Developer Applications from time to time at Intuit’s sole discretion. 

7.4 Terms of Use.

Subject to your compliance with the terms of this Agreement and your continued  good standing status within the Intuit Developer ecosystem, Intuit hereby grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license in the Territory to use the QuickBooks Logo(s) solely in your own marketing and promotional materials, and solely for the purpose of visually depicting the ability of your Developer Application(s) to interoperate and synchronize data with QuickBooks Online or QuickBooks Payments only, as applicable.  Such materials must be directly related to the sale and support of the compliant Developer Application(s) and no other applications or services, whether provided by you or by third parties. Your use of the QuickBooks Logo must also comply with all applicable Intuit branding and trademark usage guidelines which may be updated by Intuit from time to time.  Intuit reserves the right to object to uses of the QuickBooks logo it deems to be misleading, confusing, unfair or otherwise damaging to the QuickBooks brand and mark and Intuit’s ownership therein or otherwise fails to meet our trademark restrictions.  

7.5 Further Usage Restrictions.

You will not use the Intuit Marks, elements of the Intuit Marks or phonetic equivalents of the Intuit Marks: (a) as part of any name or brand for the Developer Applications themselves; (b) as part of any name or brand(s), company names, service names or trade name(s) that appear in connection with the Developer Applications (including but not limited to your own company name, trade name or DBA name); (c) on direct business source identifiers, such as stationery, business cards, company signs, domain names, company websites, or non-tested products; (d) in any other manner not licensed or approved by Intuit, including but not limited to use on promotional merchandise (e.g., t-shirts), tradeshow booths, technical support or consulting services, or other goods or services; or (e) in connection with Developer Applications that are or could be deemed by Intuit, in its sole judgment, to violate Intuit's Partner Platform Development Guidelines.

7.6 Proper Attribution and Disclaimer.

All materials, including packaging, marketing materials and web pages relating to the Developer Applications that display the QuickBooks Logo(s) shall include the required legend as follows: "QuickBooks and Intuit are registered trademarks and service marks of Intuit Inc., displayed under license."

7.7 Acknowledgment.

Intuit retains all right, title and interest in and to the QuickBooks Logo(s), and all use of the QuickBooks Logo(s) by you shall inure to the sole benefit of Intuit. You agree you shall not in connection with the Developer Applications: (a) use or register in any country,state or other jurisdiction any trademarks, service marks, trade names, keywords, screen names or Internet domain names containing elements of, or similar to the QuickBooks Logo(s) or the Intuit Marks;(b) challenge Intuit's ownership or use of any Intuit Marks; or (c) combine any of your own names or marks with any Intuit Marks. If Intuit notifies you of any such confusion or risk of confusion, you shall take appropriate steps to immediately remedy or avoid such confusion or risk thereof, including immediate assignment of any such registrations or rights to Intuit at your expense.

7.8 Compliance with QuickBooks Developer Applications Naming and Advertising Restrictions.

You agree to comply with the Application Naming and Advertising Restrictions, attached as Appendix 1, as amended by Intuit from time to time in its sole discretion.  Such restrictions include, but are not limited to: no use or registration, in any country, of any Developer Application name, product/service name, trademark, service mark, trade name, company name, internet domain name, keyword, or other signifier containing or similar to “QuickBooks," "QB," “QBO,” ”Intuit,” "Intu," "tuit," (including “Intuitive”, “Intuition”, etc.), "Quick," “Quicken”, “QuickBase,” "Turbo”, “Mint” or alternative spellings or phonetic equivalents. 

While you may make truthful, factual references to Intuit’s products and services in plain-text prose descriptions of features and benefits (including references to a Developer Application’s interoperability with QuickBooks, for example), Intuit marks can only be used in truthful and accurate referential descriptions of interoperability, and not in your Developer Application names, branding, packaging and titles.

8.THIRD PARTY SERVICES

In connection with the promotion or your use of the Services or our SDK, you may be made aware of or offered services, features, products, offers and promotions provided by third parties, and not by Intuit, such as internet based offerings (“Third Party Services”).  Some of these links are provided as a convenience only.  The inclusion of any link does not mean an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, approval, investigation, verification or monitoring by Intuit or its suppliers of any information contained in any third party website.  In no event will Intuit or its suppliers be responsible for the information contained in such third party web site or for your use of or inability to use such web site. Access to any other web site is at your own risk, and you should be aware that linked web sites may contain terms and privacy policies that are different from those of Intuit and its suppliers. Neither Intuit nor its suppliers are responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaim any liability for them. If you decide to use Third Party Services, you are responsible for reviewing and understanding any such terms and conditions governing such Third Party Services. You authorize Intuit to use and disclose your contact information, including name and address, for the purpose of making the Third Party Services you choose available to you. Your participation in such Third Party Services indicates your acceptance of the terms and conditions for such Third Party Service.  You agree that the third party, and not Intuit, is solely responsible for the performance of the Third Party Services.

9. INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS

9.1 By Developer.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Intuit, its officers, directors, employees, its affiliates, subsidiaries, licensors, suppliers and service providers (collectively, “Representatives”) harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of any claims alleging or relating to (i) your applications, trademarks, logos or marks infringe any third party intellectual property rights, (ii) your development, marketing, support or distribution of your Developer Application; (iii) your use of the Services, including any data provided via the Services; (iv) your Content; (v) a security breach of your Developer Application, your system, or the unauthorized use, access or disclosure of confidential or personal information, or (vi) your breach of this Agreement (collectively referred to as "Claims"), provided that Intuit promptly notifies You of the Claim from any third party.  Upon Intuit’s request pursuant to a regulatory, governmental or end user inquiry, you agree to fully cooperate with Intuit, including providing Intuit with access and information relating to your business and Developer Application, to assist with any investigation or inquiry related to your use of the Service or the development, marketing or distribution of the Developer Application.

If you permit your affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, and/or any third party to access or use the Service or your Content, you shall be solely responsible for (i) their acts and/or omissions in connection with their access to or use of the Service and (ii) ensuring that their access or use of the Service is in compliance with the Agreement, and any and all applicable local laws, rules and regulations. You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold Intuit and its Representatives harmless for any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred by Intuit or the Representatives arising from acts of your affiliates, subsidiaries, employees or any third-parties.

9.2 By Intuit.

Intuit will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend you from and against any action brought against you by a third party to the extent that it is based upon a claim that the SDK, the Intuit Developer website (excluding any content or material you provide to Intuit) or the Services, as provided by Intuit to you under this Agreement and used within the scope of this Agreement, infringes any U.S. patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret, or any intellectual property rights recognized under U.S. law, and will pay any costs, damages and reasonable attorneys’ fees attributable to such claim that are awarded either by final judgment or settlement against you, provided that you: (i) promptly notify Intuit in writing of the claim; (ii) grant Intuit sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim; and (iii) provide Intuit, at Intuit’s expense, with all assistance, information and authority reasonably required for the defense and settlement of the claim. Intuit will have no liability for any infringement or misappropriation claim of any kind to the extent that it results from: (a) modifications to the SDK or the Service made by a party other than Intuit or its agents, if a claim would not have occurred but for such modifications; (b) the combination, operation or use of the SDK or the Service with equipment, devices, software, service or data not supplied by Intuit, if a claim would not have occurred but for such combination, operation or use; or (c) your failure to use an updated or modified version of the Service if provided by Intuit to avoid a claim.  The provisions of this section set forth Intuit’s sole and exclusive obligations, and your sole and exclusive remedies, with respect to infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights of any kind in connection with the Service.

10. STORING USER DATA

Your storage of user credentials (e.g., username, password, account numbers, etc.), must comply with Intuit’s Password Policy [click here to view]. Only Developers who receive prior written approval from Intuit may store any user credentials that may be used to access end-user data from another source (e.g., the end-user’s financial institution).

11. COMPETITIVE APPLICATIONS

Subject to your and Intuit’s respective rights and obligations under this Agreement, Intuit acknowledges that you may develop and make available products and services that are similar to or otherwise compete with Intuit products and services, and you acknowledge that Intuit may develop and make available products and services that are similar to or otherwise may compete with your products and services.

12. ANTI-BRIBERY/ ANTI-CORRUPTION

You agree to fully comply with the provisions of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) and UK Bribery Act 2010 and any other law applicable to the specific territory where the Developer Application is distributed, prohibiting foreign bribery and improper payments. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent and warrant that you have not and shall not at any time during the Term of the Agreement pay, give, or offer or promise to pay or give, any money or any other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of: (i) any government official, political party, or candidate for political office; or (ii) any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, with knowledge that some or all of that money or other thing of value will be paid, given, offered or promised to a government official, political party or candidate for political office, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining any business, or to obtain any other unfair advantage, in connection with Intuit’s business. Further, you agree to maintain complete and accurate books and records of any transactions related to this Agreement.  Intuit has the right to audit your books and records for compliance with this section in the event Intuit has reason to suspect or is placed on notice that You are in violation of this section or as required by law.

13. DEVELOPER APPLICATION MINIMUM END USER TERMS

The following terms apply to all Developer Applications.  Addition terms and conditions apply if you are using Customer Account Data API & Services. Please see Exhibit C, Schedule A.

You (“Developer”) must include minimum terms with any distribution of a Developer Application that you make available to any end user, customer, partner, or other third party (“Licensee”), which are no less protective of Intuit and its affiliates and suppliers than those set forth herein and in all material form the terms set forth below. Developers who developed a Developer Application for its own use is a Licensee and must also comply with the following terms.

Restrictions. Licensee and its employees shall not and shall not permit any third party to, directly or indirectly: (a) reverse engineer, decrypt, decompile, decode, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to obtain the source code to the Developer Application; (b) rent or time-share the Developer Application or host the Developer Application in a multi-tenant environment; (c) remove or destroy any copyright notices, proprietary markings or confidential legends placed upon or contained within the Developer Application or any copies thereof; (d) engage in any activity with the Developer Application that interferes with, disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks, or other properties or services of any third party; and (e) use the Developer Application or data provided via the Developer Application in any way in furtherance of criminal, fraudulent, or other unlawful activity.  Licensee must comply with applicable laws and regulations in using, accessing or distributing the Developer Application, including any data provided via the Developer Application.
Data Use. Anonymous, aggregate information, comprising financial account balances, other financial account data, or other available data that is provided to Licensee, may be used by our third party vendors to conduct certain analytical research, performance tracking and benchmarking.  Such third party vendors may publish summary or aggregate results relating to metrics comprised of research data, from time to time, and distribute or license such anonymous, aggregated research data for any purpose, including but not limited to, helping to improve products and services and assisting in troubleshooting and technical support.  Licensee's personally identifiable information will not be shared with or sold to third parties.
Data Transfer. Licensee agrees and acknowledges that Licensee’s data, including financial or personal information, may be transferred to a third party located in a country that does not have adequate security controls to protect Licensee’s data.
Third Party Services. Licensee understands that the Developer Application may require access to certain third party services (“Third Party Services”). In order to use the Developer Application that uses or collects data from the Third Party Services, Licensee hereby authorizes the third party service provider to share Licensee’s data with Developer.  Such data may include Licensee’s financial or personal information. In addition, Licensee agrees that Developer may provide Licensee’s data to the third party service provider to use in connection with Third Party Services. Licensee represents and warrants that Licensee has the rights and authority to provide such authorization to the third party service provider and Developer. Licensee’s use and/or access to Third Party Services shall be limited to those uses and access rights permitted by the third party service provider. If Licensee accesses or uses the Third Party Services, Licensee is responsible for reviewing and understanding any such terms and conditions governing such Third Party Services. Licensee understands that Developer has no control over the Third Party Services and that Licensee’s ability to access and use the Third Party Services may be suspended or terminated at any time, for any reason, at the third party service provider’s discretion.
 Security. Licensees are fully responsible for the security of data on Licensee’s website or otherwise in Licensee’s possession or control. Licensees agree to comply with all applicable state and federal laws and rules in connection with your collection, security and dissemination of any personal, financial, credit card, or transaction information (defined as “Data”) on your website. Licensee agrees, where applicable, it shall be compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS) and the Payment Application Data Security Standards (PA-DSS), as applicable. It is Licensee’s responsibility to comply with these standards.
Disclaimer. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE DEVELOPER APPLICATION, ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND ANY DATA PROVIDED VIA THE THIRD PARTY SERVICES OR DEVELOPER APPLICATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” VENDOR, ITS LICENSORS AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY AND DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE DEVELOPER APPLICATION, ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICES OR ANY DATA PROVIDED VIA THE THIRD PARTY SERVICES OR DEVELOPER APPLICATION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. LICENSEE UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT ANY USE OF THE DEVELOPER APPLICATION, THIRD PARTY SERVICES OR DATA PROVIDED VIA THE THIRD PARTY SERVICES OR DEVELOPER APPLICATION WILL BE AT LICENSEE’S SOLE RISK, AND THAT, IF THERE IS ANY LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE DEVELOPER APPLICATION, INCLUDING LIABILITY ARISING FROM A SECURITY BREACH OR DEVELOPER’S LACK OF COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS OR DATA PRIVACY PROTECTION, SUCH LIABILITY IS SOLELY WITH THE DEVELOPER AND NOT ITS LICENSORS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS.

C.  EXHIBITS: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR OPTIONAL INTUIT DEVELOPER SERVICES
Your use of the Services provided by Intuit are subject to the General Terms of Service above including the Additional Terms and Conditions and the terms set forth in the Exhibits referenced below..  The following Terms and Conditions also apply where you have selected these optional services and shall prevail over any conflict or inconsistency with the General Terms of Service above. 

EXHIBIT A: QuickBooks Developer Applications
EXHIBIT B: Intuit Data Stewardship Principles
EXHIBIT C: Intuit Customer Account Data API & Services (Aggregation & Categorization)
EXHIBIT D: Payments Developer Applications
October 2014

Appendix 1- Developer Applications Advertising Restrictions

Advertising Restrictions.

If you include any authorized or otherwise legally-compliant references to QuickBooks or any Intuit products or brand names in the advertising or promotion of your Developer Applications, you must comply with these Advertising Restrictions. The restrictions include but are not limited to advertising displays, advertising and marketing copy, web or print based materials, search engine marketing, representations about interoperability with Intuit products, and more. Developers may not make any false or misleading representations that Intuit officially endorses or “authorizes” a particular Developer, nor that Intuit recommends any particular Developer over any other.

Pay Per Click / Search Engine Advertising Restrictions

To avoid confusion among consumers and to prevent search engine ads from being removed by Intuit’s trademark monitoring systems, Developers must adhere to the following advertising restrictions. Developer understands and agrees that Intuit retains the right to remove any ads that, in Intuit’s sole discretion, do not comply with these restrictions.

All sponsored ad titles must lead with Developer’s own marks or names, or with industry descriptors, and cannot lead with Intuit brands.  For example, all sponsored ad titles must be structured as “XYZ for QuickBooks" instead of "QuickBooks XYZ."

Examples of Proper and Improper Use:

 

Proper Use:

Improper Use:

AppName for QuickBooks

Integrate your QB data with AppName!

www.appdeveloper.com/appname 

QuickBooks AppName

Integrate your QB data with AppName!

www.appdeveloper.com/appname

Expense Mgmt for QB

Superior expense mgmt for QuickBooks users.

ExpenseMgmt.DevName.com/qbusers

QB Expense Mgmt

Superior expense mgmt for QuickBooks users.

ExpenseMgmt.DevName.com/qbusers 

Plug-ins for QuickBooks 

We develop custom plug-ins for QB.

www.appnameurl.com

QuickBooks Plug-ins

We develop custom QuickBooks plug-ins.

www.appnameurl.com 

DeveloperName Apps for QuickBooks

Integrate your QB data with AppName!

www.appdeveloper.com/appname

QuickBooks DeveloperName Apps

Integrate your QB data with AppName!

www.appdeveloper.com/appname

 
Additionally, Display URLs in advertising cannot use or incorporate an Intuit Mark into the front portions of the URL, or into the root domain itself.  Any such URLs violate these restrictions.

Under this Agreement, you agree you may not bid on Intuit Marks (such as “QuickBooks”) as standalone keywords in search engines. Instead, you agree you will only bid on keywords that include Intuit marks as part of a larger phrase or search string to directly advertise Developer Applications that interoperate with Intuit products.

Additionally, you agree you will negative match for the keywords below:
 

Intuit   

QuickBooks  

Intuit quickbooks       

Intuit merchant service          

Intuit quickbooks online        

Intuit payroll online    

Quickbooks payroll

Quickbooks payments

Www intuit com        

Intuit com       

Quickbooks support

 

Www qbo intuit online

Intuit.com

Qbo intuit com

Quickbooks intuit

Intuit com intuit

Intuit online accounting

Quickbooks by intuit

Intuit proadvisor

Qb proadvisor

Quickbooks proadvisor

Intuit payroll software

 
Developers may only use Intuit marks as search keywords to trigger sponsored ads that directly advertise applications that interoperate with Intuit products.
If Developer advertises a Developer Application on search engines outside the United States (e.g., google.ca or yahoo.co.uk), Developer must ensure that such Application truly interoperates with the corresponding localized version of the Intuit product.  Developers must designate the appropriate countries/regions for the ad.
Intuit marks may only be used in the very end segment of any display URL of a search engine ad. (e.g., www.appdeveloper.com/appnameforquickbooks).
Search engine ads must point to Developer’s own web site, and a page containing actionable information about the Developer Application.
When using Intuit marks in search engine ads, Developer must avoid any false claims or statements of affiliation, endorsement or sponsorship, where no such relationship exists.   For example, Developer must not claim in its ad that the ad will lead people to an "Official Site" for QuickBooks, or claim that Developer is an “Official Partner” or “Preferred Solution” of Intuit.
Developer may bid on phrases like “free QuickBooks” only when promoting free Intuit offerings or trials (like QuickBooks Simple Start Edition), but may not bid on Intuit brands stand-alone when promoting a free Intuit product.  This Agreement does not grant Developer the right or license to act as a reseller of Intuit product licenses or service subscriptions unless otherwise provided elsewhere within ID marketing programs.
Developer may use words like “discount,” “deal,” and “low cost” in sponsored ads that also contain Intuit marks, but avoid use of words that may negatively affect Intuit’s brands, like “cheap,” “blowout,” “bargain,” “fire sale,” etc.  Intuit reserves the right to take down sponsored ads containing descriptions or words that it believes, in its sole discretion, could damage the equity and reputation of its brands.
Screen Shots

You may make use of a limited number of screen shots from the Intuit software for illustrative purposes  (e.g., educational guides, how-to books, training presentations, product reviews, etc.) provided you adhere to the following guidelines:

Your use may not directly or indirectly state or imply sponsorship, affiliation, or endorsement, where no such relationship exists, of your product or service by/with Intuit.
You may not alter the screen shot in any way except to resize the screen shot in direct proportion to the original. Screen shots must be reproduced in their entirety.
You may add commentary or other text if clearly attributable to you, and not to Intuit.
You may not use screen shots from Intuit beta products or other products that are subject to non-disclosure obligations.
You may not use screen shots that contain third-party content unless you obtain their permission.
You may not use the screen shot in an advertisement comparing an Intuit offering to an Intuit competitor’s offering.
You may not use a screen shot that contains an image of an identifiable individual.
You must include the following copyright attribution statement on all materials containing Intuit screen shots: "Screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved."
If your materials include references to an Intuit product, the full name of the product with corresponding trademark symbol should be shown in plain text at the first and/or most prominent mention (i.e., QuickBooks®, Quicken®) in such materials.
Your use of Intuit's screen shots may not be incorporated into obscene or pornographic material, and may not, in Intuit's sole opinion, be disparaging, defamatory, or libelous to Intuit, any of its products, or any other person or entity.
Your materials should not be mostly or solely composed of Intuit screen shots or other Intuit intellectual property. If Intuit screen shots or other Intuit intellectual property would represent the majority of the material you wish to reproduce and/or distribute, you must obtain permission from Intuit before publishing or distributing such content. Permission requests must be in writing and should be sent to: ippmarketing@intuit.com. 
​October 2014
