This Agreement supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between the parties.

The governing law is the Delaware and controlling United States federal law.

9.4 No termination of this Agreement will affect any obligation to make payment of outstanding amounts owed by Customer to 3scale.

10.6 3scale’s warranties under this Agreement will be void and of no effect with respect to any Software which has been modified by Customer or by any party other than 3scale or which is used in any manner other than as authorized under this Agreement.

In no event shall Countly or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Countly's Internet site, even if Countly or a Countly authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.

The materials appearing on Countly's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.

Countly does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.

Countly has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.

Any claim relating to Countly's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Istanbul without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

ALL THE SERVICES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY FOR INDIVIDUALS AGED 13 YEARS OR OLDER.

If the modified Terms of Use are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Services.

You expressly understand and agree that Datadog shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Datadog has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from your use of the API.

Abuse or excessively frequent requests to Datadog via the API may result in the temporary or permanent suspension of your account’s access to the API.

Datadog does not have any obligation to review or scan any User Content for any purpose, including without limitation for measuring quality, filtering content, or detecting the presence of malware.

Datadog makes no representations regarding the compliance of any User Content with any applicable laws or regulations.

Datadog does not have any obligation to review or scan any User Content for any purpose, including without limitation for measuring quality, filtering content, or detecting the presence of malware.

Datadog makes no representations regarding the compliance of any User Content with any applicable laws or regulations.

You understand that Datadog does not in any way screen its users, nor does Datadog inquire into their backgrounds.

In no event shall Datadog be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory, consequential, and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to the conduct of you or anyone else in connection with the use of the Services, including without limitation, bodily injury, emotional distress, and/or any other damages resulting from communications or meetings with other registered users of the Services or persons you meet through the Services.

You should not provide your financial information (for example, your credit card or bank account information) to other users.

Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.

You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.

If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."

This Terms of Use, your rights and obligations, and all actions contemplated by the Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of New York.

You also agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising from or related to the use of the Services must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

1.5. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.

When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer.

We currently provide our mobile services for free, but please be aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging and data charges, will still apply.

If you make a payment on Facebook or use Facebook Credits, you agree to our Payments Terms.

We do not guarantee that Platform will always be free.

When serving your ad, we do our best to deliver the ads to the audience you specify, although we cannot guarantee in every instance that your ad will reach its intended target.

We do not guarantee the activity that your ads will receive, such as the number of clicks your ads will get.

You understand that we may not always identify paid services and communications as such.

You understand, however, that if users have interacted with your ad, your ad may remain until the users delete it.

If you create or administer a Page on Facebook, or run a promotion or an offer from your Page, you agree to our Pages Terms.

If you want to delete a story you posted, choose the delete option.

To control who can see the Facebook Pages you've liked, visit our Help Center.

Unless you delete them, when you add a new profile picture or cover photo, the previous photo will remain public in your profile picture or cover photo album.

Deactivating your account puts your account on hold.

When you delete your account, it is permanently deleted from Facebook.

It typically takes about one month to delete an account, but some information may remain in backup copies and logs for up to 90 days.

That information remains after you delete your account.

All fees are non-refundable and, unless otherwise stated, in US dollars.

All fees and taxes and other charges will be billed to your credit card.

There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, upgrades, or unused months.

5.3 Your subscription will renew automatically, unless Company terminates it or you terminate your subscription pursuant to Section 7 below.

5.5 Any amounts not paid when due are subject to an interest charge at a rate of 1.5% per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less.

In the event of termination or expiration of this Agreement, all of the licenses granted to You hereunder will terminate .

NONE OF THE COMPANY SOFTWARE AND SERVICES IS FAULT TOLERANT.

Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply.

You may need a Google Account in order to use some of our Services.

Open source software is important to us.

Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you.

If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms.

Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted.

However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately.

If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).

The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services.