This information will not be disclosed to any third-party without your explicit consent.

3scale cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from failure to comply with the rules in this Section.

8.5 3scale will not contact Customer or Customer’s customers with third party advertising or promotion without Customer’s explicit permission.

13.4 Except for the sole purpose of complying with its obligations in the Agreement, 3scale will not modify any Customer Data, merge or commingle it with other data, commercially exploit it, disclose it, share it, sell it, rent it, provide access to it, or do anything that may in any manner adversely affect the integrity, security or confidentiality of the Customer Data.

Datadog does not claim any ownership rights in any such User Content and nothing in the Terms of Use will be deemed to restrict any rights that You may have to use and exploit any such User Content.

You will not give us information that you independently collect from a user or a user's content without that user's consent.

When we deliver ads, we do not share your information (information that personally identifies you, such as your name or contact information) with advertisers unless you give us permission.

oDesk does not set Freelancer's work hours and location of work, nor is oDesk involved in determining if the compensation will be set at an hourly or fixed rate or in setting the particular rate for a service contract.

oDesk will not provide Freelancer with training or any equipment, labor or materials needed for a particular Contract.

oDesk will not deduct any amount for withholding, unemployment, Social Security, or other taxes as it would in the case of an employee.

User expressly acknowledges, agrees and understands that: (i) the oDesk Platform is merely a venue where Users may act as Clients or Freelancers; (ii) oDesk is not a party to any Service Contracts between Clients and Freelancers; (iii) User recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that User is not an employee of oDesk and that oDesk does not, in any way, supervise, direct, or control User's work or Services; (iv) oDesk shall not have any liability or obligations under or related to Service Contracts or any acts or omissions by Users; (v) oDesk has no control over Freelancers or over the Services promised or rendered by Freelancers; and, (vi) oDesk makes no representations as to the reliability, capability, or qualifications of any Freelancer or the quality, security or legality of any Services, and oDesk disclaims any and all liability relating thereto.