We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you.

Apitools reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site.

2.2.3 3scale shall host the Software and may update the functionality and user interface of the Software from time to time in its sole discretion and in accordance with Section 2.3 of this Agreement as part of its ongoing mission to improve the Software and Customers’ use of the Software.

2.3.2 Customer acknowledges that from time to time 3scale may apply Upgrades to the Platform, and that such Upgrades may result in changes the appearance and/or functionality of the Software.

Customer agrees that 3scale shall own all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights in the Software.

2.6.2 3scale reserves the right to refuse connections/traffic without warning at traffic volumes above 5x the Per second allowed rate (“Per second allowed rate” being 1.75x the average number of queries per second based on the contracted traffic tier)

7.3 3scale reserves the right to use Customer’s Web Services description to configure examples in its press releases, marketing channels and any other publicity materials as well as the right to link to Customer’s site.

3scale may use in its marketing and advertising the total number of users, total number of stored claim records, total transaction volumes, and other aggregate statistics to attract new customers.


7.2 Customer agrees that 3scale may during the term of this Agreement issue press releases and make orally reference to the fact that Customer is a customer of 3scale.

8.4 Customer acknowledges and agrees that 3scale may use aggregate data derived from Customer’s use of the Software hereunder provided that 3scale has anonymized such data.

8.6 Customer further acknowledges that 3scale may, in its sole discretion, preserve or disclose Customer’s Content, as well as Customer’s information, such as e-mail addresses, IP addresses, timestamps, and other user information, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the legal process, enforce these Terms, respond to claims that any Content violates the right of third-parties; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 3scale, its users or the general public.

9.2 Customer agrees that 3scale at its sole discretion, has the right (but not the obligation) to delete or deactivate Customer’s account, block Customer’s email or IP address, or otherwise terminate Customer’s access to or use of the Software (or any part thereof), immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any Content within the Site, for any reason, including, without limitation, if 3scale believes that Customer has acted inconsistently with these Terms.

9.5 Unless stated in a supplementary license agreement, 3scale reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Software (or any part thereof) with or without notice.

This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Countly at any time.

Countly may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.

Countly may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify, discontinue or terminate the Services or to modify the Terms of Use, at any time and without prior notice.

You acknowledge that Datadog may establish limits concerning use of the Services, including the maximum number of days that content will be retained by the Services, the maximum number and size of log files or other content that may be transmitted or stored by the Services, the frequency with which you may access the Services and the locations where the Service is available.

You acknowledge that Datadog reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice, and that Datadog shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.

Datadog, in its sole discretion, will determine abuse or excessive usage of the API.

Datadog reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, your access to the API (or any part thereof) with or without notice.

By submitting User Proposals to Datadog, You hereby grant to Datadog a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, adapt, modify, sublicense, transmit, distribute, display, sell, transfer, incorporate into Datadog’s products or services, create derivative works from, or otherwise exploit any such User Proposals.

By making available any User Content through the Services, You hereby grant to Datadog a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free license, with the right to use, copy, adapt, modify, and otherwise exploit User Content for the purposes of improving the Services for all Datadog users.

Datadog will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above, including intellectual property rights infringement and Site security issues, to the fullest extent of the law.

Datadog may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate the Terms of Use.

Datadog reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any content, including any User Content, that Datadog, in its sole discretion, considers to be in violation of the Terms of Use or otherwise harmful to the Services.

You agree that Datadog, in its sole discretion, has the right (but not the obligation) to delete or deactivate your account, block your email or IP address, or otherwise terminate your access to or use of the Services (or any part thereof), immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any content within the Services, for any reason, including, without limitation, if Datadog believes that You have acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the Terms of Use.

Datadog may assign or transfer the Terms of Use, in its sole discretion, without restriction.

For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy and application settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Facebook (IP License).

However, you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).

We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Facebook, but you understand that we may use them without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).

If you select a username or similar identifier for your account or Page, we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it if we believe it is appropriate (such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user's actual name).

We can remove any content or information you post on Facebook if we believe that it violates this Statement or our policies.

If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.

You give us permission to use and allow others to use such links and content on Facebook.

We can require you to delete user data if you use it in a way that we determine is inconsistent with users’ expectations.

We can limit your access to data.

We can issue a press release describing our relationship with you.

You give us all rights necessary to enable your application to work with Facebook, including the right to incorporate content and information you provide to us into streams, timelines, and user action stories.

You give us the right to link to or frame your application, and place content, including ads, around your application.

We can analyze your application, content, and data for any purpose, including commercial (such as for targeting the delivery of advertisements and indexing content for search).

To ensure your application is safe for users, we can audit it.

We can create applications that offer similar features and services to, or otherwise compete with, your application.

You give us permission to use your name, profile picture, content, and information in connection with commercial, sponsored, or related content (such as a brand you like) served or enhanced by us.

In instances where we believe doing so will enhance the effectiveness of your advertising campaign, we may broaden the targeting criteria you specify.

We will determine the size, placement, and positioning of your ads.

We can use your ads and related content and information for marketing or promotional purposes.

We may reject or remove any ad for any reason.

If you download or use our software, such as a stand-alone software product, an app, or a browser plugin, you agree that from time to time, the software may download and install upgrades, updates and additional features from us in order to improve, enhance, and further develop the software.

If you violate the letter or spirit of this Statement, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can stop providing all or part of Facebook to you.

You consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.

We may provide advertisers with information when we have removed your name and other personally identifying information from it, or combined it with other information so that it no longer personally identifies you.

So we can show you content that you may find interesting, we may use all of the information we receive about you to serve ads that are more relevant to you.\

We also allow advertisers to reach people on Facebook using the information they already have about you (such as email addresses or whether you have visited their websites previously).

If an advertiser chooses to run ads, we serve the ads to people who meet criteria the advertiser selects.

We like to tell you about some of the features and tools your friends and others use on Facebook, to help you have a better experience.

People on Facebook may be able to see mutual friends, even if they cannot see your entire list of friends.

To make it easier for your friends to find you, we allow anyone with your contact information (such as email address or telephone number) to find you through the Facebook search bar at the top of most pages, as well as other tools we provide, such as contact importers - even if you have not shared your contact information with them on Facebook.

Once you share information with your friends and others, they may be able to sync it with or access it via their mobile phones and other devices.

Anyone can add a link to a story.

They may share photos or other information about you and tag you in their posts.

Once you are in a Group, anyone in that Group can add you to a subgroup.

This means, for example, that if you post a comment on a Page, that comment may be used by the Page owner off Facebook, and anyone can see it.

You may be contacted by or receive updates from the Page, such as in your News Feed and your messages.

They may also know when you've made a connection to their Page because you've liked their Page or posted a comment.

We receive information about you from your friends and others, such as when they upload your contact information, post a photo of you, tag you in a photo or status update, or at a location, or add you to a group.

We receive data about you whenever you use or are running Facebook, such as when you look at another person's timeline, send or receive a message, search for a friend or a Page, click on, view or otherwise interact with things, use a Facebook mobile app, or make purchases through Facebook.

When you post things like photos or videos on Facebook, we may receive additional related data (or metadata), such as the time, date, and place you took the photo or video.

We receive data from or about the computer, mobile phone, or other devices you use to install Facebook apps or to access Facebook, including when multiple users log in from the same device.

We receive data whenever you visit a game, application, or website that uses Facebook Platform or visit a site with a Facebook feature (such as a social plugin), sometimes through cookies.

Sometimes we get data from our affiliates or our advertising partners, customers and other third parties that helps us (or them) deliver ads, understand online activity, and generally make Facebook better.

As described in "How we use the information we receive" we also put together data from the information we already have about you, your friends, and others, so we can offer and suggest a variety of services and features.

When we get your GPS location, we put it together with other location information we have about you (like your current city).

Choosing to make your information public is exactly what it sounds like: anyone, including people off Facebook, will be able to see it.

When others share information about you, they can also choose to make it public.

If someone has your Username or User ID, they can use it to access information about you through the facebook.com website.

Specifically, they can access your public information, along with your age range, language and country.

We use the information we receive about you in connection with the services and features we provide to you and other users like your friends, our partners, the advertisers that purchase ads on the site, and the developers that build the games, applications, and websites you use.

Of course, for information others share about you, they control how it is shared.

We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide products and services to you and others, including those described above.

We may enable access to public information that has been shared through our services.

We may allow service providers to access information so they can help us provide services.

We are able to suggest that your friend tag you in a picture by scanning and comparing your friend's pictures to information we've put together from your profile pictures and the other photos in which you've been tagged.

Other users will no longer see your timeline, but we do not delete any of your information.

Certain information is needed to provide you with services, so we only delete this information after you delete your account.

3.2 You hereby grant Company an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable license, with rights to sublicense, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform and create derivative works of the Applications, the Content and the Brand Features and Marks for the sole purpose of allowing the Company to provide the Company Software and the Services to You.

3.3 Company reserves the right to monitor the Content and Applications and to remove or disable Content or Applications that Company, in its sole discretion, determines to be illegal, harmful, offensive, creating liability for Company or its service providers, or otherwise in violation of this Agreement or Company operating policies.

You hereby authorize Company to charge your credit card.

5.2 Company reserves the right to deactivate your access to Company Software and to the Services for failure to pay applicable fees.

In the event you fail to pay any amount when due, Company may immediately suspend or terminate Your access to the Company Software and the Services.

Without limiting the foregoing, You acknowledge that Company may discontinue all or part of the Company Software or Service at any time.

Company may freely transfer or assign its rights under this Agreement.

We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.

We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law.

In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information.

When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content.

Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.

If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1’s, reviews you write and comments you post) in our Services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts.

If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.

We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.

Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.

c. If your payment and registration information is not accurate, current, and complete and you do not notify us promptly when such information changes, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any use of the Services.

d. If you do not notify us of updates to your payment method (e.g., credit card expiration date), to avoid interruption of your service, we may participate in programs supported by your card provider (e.g., updater services, recurring billing programs, etc.) to try to update your payment information, and you authorize us to continue billing your account with the updated information that we obtain.

e. Intuit will automatically renew your monthly, quarterly, or annual Services at the then-current rates, unless the Services are cancelled or terminated under this Agreement.

You agree that Intuit may use and maintain your data according to the Intuit Privacy Statement, as part of the Services.

You give Intuit permission to combine information you enter or upload for the Services with that of other users of the Services and/or other Intuit services.

Intuit is a global company and may access or store personal information in multiple countries, including countries outside of your own country to the extent permitted by applicable law.

You grant Intuit a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to host and use any Content provided through your use of the Services.

Intuit may, but has no obligation to, monitor content on the Services.

We may disclose any information necessary to satisfy our legal obligations, protect Intuit or its customers, or operate the Services properly.

Intuit, in its sole discretion, may refuse to post, remove, or refuse to remove, any Content, in whole or in part, alleged to be unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate, or in violation of this Agreement.

7.2 We may tell you about other Intuit services.

You may be offered other services, products, or promotions by Intuit ("Intuit Services").

You grant Intuit permission to use information about your business and experience to help us to provide the Intuit Services to you and to enhance the Services.

You grant Intuit permission to combine your business data, if any, with that of others in a way that does not identify you or any individual personally.

You also grant Intuit permission to share or publish summary results relating to research data and to distribute or license such data to third parties.

You agree that Intuit may send these communications to you via email or by posting them on our websites

Intuit may immediately, in its sole discretion and without notice terminate this Agreement or suspend the Services if you fail to comply with this Agreement or if you no longer agree to receive electronic communications.

Intuit may terminate a free account at any time.

However, Intuit may assign or transfer it without your consent to (a) an affiliate, (b) a company through a sale of assets by Intuit or (c) a successor by merger.

Intuit may provide tools, materials such as QuickBooks Online accounts and sample data as part of a sandbox environment to allow developers to use such tools and materials solely for your internal testing of your Developer Application.

Intuit may post on the developer’s site and/or send an email to you with notices of any changes.

Intuit may charge you the then current fee for the tools and materials if Intuit reasonably believes that you have used such materials in breach of these terms.

Intuit reserves the right to terminate this license, in its sole discretion, at any time without notice.

Intuit reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to ID at any time for any reason without liability to you.

if Intuit receives or processes any personal data on your behalf, Intuit may share personal data with its affiliates anywhere in the world.

Intuit may require that all new Developer Applications, and updated Developer Applications as defined by Intuit in its sole discretion, be submitted to Intuit for review and approval prior to being made available for distribution.

By submitting your Developer Application to Intuit, you grant Intuit and/or its third party affiliate the right to use the Developer Application for purposes of testing and evaluating such Developer Application’s compatibility and suitability for ID and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

You understand and acknowledge that Intuit may, in its sole discretion, reject your Developer Application for any reason, even if such Developer Application complies with all of the then current requirements provided herein.

Intuit may use anonymous and aggregated Protected Information to publish research data from time to time, and may use, display, distribute or license such anonymous aggregate research data for purposes of helping Intuit improve its products and services, to enable a better and more accurate user experience, and to assist in troubleshooting and technical support.

Intuit reserves the right to deny access to any of its credit card processing services to any Developer Application without notice for any reason.

If we reasonably believe that a security breach or compromise of data has occurred, we may require you, at your expense, to have a third-party auditor that is approved by us conduct a security audit of your systems and facilities and issue a report to be provided to us or our security providers.

Intuit reserves the right to object to uses of the QuickBooks logo it deems to be misleading, confusing, unfair or otherwise damaging to the QuickBooks brand and mark and Intuit’s ownership therein or otherwise fails to meet our trademark restrictions.

In connection with the promotion or your use of the Services or our SDK, you may be made aware of or offered services, features, products, offers and promotions provided by third parties, and not by Intuit, such as internet based offerings (“Third Party Services”).

You authorize Intuit to use and disclose your contact information, including name and address, for the purpose of making the Third Party Services you choose available to you.

Intuit has the right to audit your books and records for compliance with this section in the event Intuit has reason to suspect or is placed on notice that You are in violation of this section or as required by law.

Intuit reserves the right to take down sponsored ads containing descriptions or words that it believes, in its sole discretion, could damage the equity and reputation of its brands.

Mashape reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms (or any policy or guideline of Mashape) at any time and in its sole discretion by providing notice that these Terms have been modified.

Mashape reserves the right, but does not have the obligation, to review, screen, or monitor any links to any APIs or any API Content/Terms (as defined below) at any time and for any reason without notice.

API Providers and API Consumers acknowledge and agree that Mashape may remove any API or any API Content/Terms at Mashape's sole discretion.

API Owner grants Mashape the right to provide the APIs and the API Content/Terms provided by API Owner (or a party on its behalf) via the Service.

Further, API Owner consents to Mashape's use of its name and, if applicable, API Owner's company's name and logo on the Site and our publicly-available online and printed materials, identifying API Owner (and, if applicable, API Owner's company) as part of the Mashape API network.

Mashape collects subscription fees and other payments associated with API Consumers' access and use of APIs provide by API Providers via the Service (" API Fees ").

Following Mashape's receipt of the API Fees applicable to an API listed on the Service by an API Owner, Mashape will pass on such amount to the applicable API Owner less a Mashape transaction fee.

Mashape, at its sole discretion, may modify its transaction fee with no less than 7 days advance notice.

Mashape will charge the credit/debit card provided by API Consumer via the Service in advance and in accordance the subscription plan selected by API Consumer.

Each API Consumer hereby authorizes Mashape (or its authorized payment processor) to charge the credit/debit card number provided via the Service by such API Consumer in accordance with the Mashape subscription plan selected, and such API Consumer represents and warrants that such API Consumer is authorized to use and have fees charged to the credit/debit card number provided to Mashape.

Mashape reserves the right, but does not have the obligation, to remove, screen, or edit any content, links, comments or materials posted or stored on the Service, including API Content/Terms (collectively, " User Content ") at any time and for any reason without notice.

When you post, link, or otherwise make available User Content to the Service, you grant Mashape a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display such content throughout the world in any manner or media on or off the Site.

Mashape users may report content that appears on/via the Site or Service to Mashape that he/she thinks violates these Terms, and Mashape may remove such content, suspend or terminate the account of the user who made posted such content and/or take additional action to enforce these Terms against such user.

Also, in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, Mashape has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers.

Mashape also may, at its discretion, limit access to the Service and terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

Mashape will be free to use, disclose, reproduce, license, and otherwise distribute and exploit the Feedback provided to it as it sees fit, entirely without obligation or restriction of any kind, on account of intellectual property rights or otherwise.

Mashape may run advertisements and promotions from third parties through or in connection with the Service or may provide information about or links to third-party products or services.

Mashape may, at its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your license to access or use the Service at any time and for any reason without notice.

Mashape reserves the right, but does not undertake any duty, to take appropriate legal action including the pursuit of civil, criminal, or injunctive redress against you for continuing to use the Service during suspension or after termination.

Mashape may recover its reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs from you for such actions.

API Providers** and API Consumers acknowledge and agree that Mashape may remove any API or any API Content/Terms at Mashape's sole discretion. **

Mashape reserves the right, but does not have the obligation, to review, screen, or monitor any links to any APIs or any API Content/Terms (as defined below) at any time and for any reason without notice.

Mashape may assign these Terms without your prior written consent.

Notwithstanding any terms to the contrary in these Terms, you acknowledge and agree that Mashape uses a third-party hosting and services infrastructure in connection with the Services ("Third-Party Infrastructure"), the provider(s) of the Third-Party Infrastructure disclaim and make no representation or warranty with respect to such Third-Party Infrastructure, and Mashape assumes no liability for any claim that may arise with respect to such Third-Party Infrastructure.

By using the Service, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding your use of the Service and that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that the communications be in writing.

oDesk may amend this Agreement at any time by posting a revised version on the Site.

oDesk charges Freelancers a fee for the services of connecting them with the Clients that hire them and collecting payment for work.

oDesk reserves the right to validate User information at any time, including but not limited to validation against third party databases or the verification of one or more official government or legal documents that confirm the User's identity.

You authorize oDesk, directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries necessary to validate your identity and confirm your ownership of your email address or financial accounts, subject to applicable law.

oDesk reserves the right to refuse any such request and may assess a processing fee in connection with such a request.

If Client fails to pay amounts due under this Agreement, whether by cancelling Client's credit card, initiating an improper chargeback, or any other means, Client's oDesk account will be suspended, no additional payments will be processed, and any work-in-progress will be stopped.

In its discretion, oDesk may set off amounts due against other amounts received from or held for Client, make appropriate reports to credit reporting agencies and law enforcement authorities, and cooperate with them in any resulting investigation or prosecution.

oDesk has the right, but not the obligation, to suspend or cancel your access to the oDesk Platform if it believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement or violated our rights or those of another party.

Without limiting oDesk's other remedies, we may suspend or terminate your account, use self-help in connection with our rights to reclaim any available funds, and refuse to provide any further access to the oDesk Platform to you if (a) you breach any terms and conditions of this Agreement or other written policies and procedures posted on the Site; (b) we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) we believe that your actions may cause legal liability for you, our Users or for oDesk.

If you attempt to use the oDesk Platform under a different account, we reserve the right to reclaim available funds in that account and/or use an available payment method to pay for any amounts outstanding.

oDesk reserves the right to withdraw, expand and otherwise change the oDesk Platform at any time in oDesk's sole discretion.

oDesk shall have the right, but not the obligation, to audit and monitor Freelancer's compliance with applicable tax laws as required by this Section 5.1.

Client hereby authorizes oDesk and its Affiliates to run credit card authorizations on all credit cards provided by Client, to store credit card details as Client's method of payment for Services, and to charge Client's credit card (or any other form of payment authorized by oDesk or mutually agreed to between Client and oDesk).

oDesk and its Affiliates may, in their sole discretion, deviate from its typical billing cycle for Hourly-Rate Contracts and charge Client for any and all Time Logs at any time.

oDesk may freely assign this Agreement without consent of User.

PubNub shall have a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable license to collect, analyze or use statistical data relating to its delivery of the PubNub Service derived from the Customer Data, solely for the development, tuning, and scaling of the PubNub Service, including the generation of reports for both internal use purposes as well as reports available to the Customer, which may be offered at an additional cost.

However, PubNub will respond appropriately if it becomes aware of inappropriate use of the PubNub Service.

PubNub reserves the right to block, without liability, any Customer Data and Customer account that violates the terms of this Section 3.

PubNub may terminate this Agreement and any Service Period, without cause, upon providing the other party with thirty (30) days prior written notice, except the notification period for Customer’s use of PubNub Services provided free of charge, shall be fifteen (15) days.

During the Term, PubNub may include Customer’s name and logo on a list of customers of the PubNub Service.

