3scale shall make the Purchased Services available to you (“Customer”) to this Agreement and during a subscription term.

2.5.2 3scale provides online and email technical support.

2.6.1 3scale guarantees customers of a PRO plan only a 99.5% Software API Uptime (“Uptime”) where Uptime shall mean 100% minus the percentage of time that the 3scale Software is inaccessible or not operational over a calendar month.

4.2 Customer will be issued with a receipt of the services provided on a monthly basis.

4.4 Customer will receive settlement of the amount stated in the receipt within 20 working days of the receipt being issued.

Should Customer select the option to make annual prepayments, 3scale shall apply an 10% discount to the balance.

3scale agrees that Customer may also (during the term of this Agreement) make reference, orally or in writing, that 3scale is a service provider of Customer.

8.2 All right, title, and interest in and to the Software and all intellectual property rights in the foregoing will remain vested in 3scale.

10.4 3scale represents, warrants and covenants that it and its permitted subcontractors will render services and provided Software using personnel that have the necessary knowledge, training, skills, experience, qualifications and resources to provide and perform the services in accordance with this Agreement, and will render services and provide the Software in a prompt, professional, diligent, and workmanlike manner, consistent with industry standards applicable to the performance of similar services and software.

If we modify the Terms of Use, we will post the modification on the Site.

We will also indicate the effective date and last update date at the top of this page.

Datadog will make a reasonable attempt via email to warn the account owner prior to suspension.

If we remove your content for infringing someone else's copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal.

In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you will update your account information on Facebook within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person who acquires your old number.

If you have selected a specific audience for your content or information, we will respect your choice when we use it.

We do not give your content or information to advertisers without your consent.

If we accept your Order, we will deliver your ads as inventory becomes available.

Unless we make a change for legal or administrative reasons, or to correct an inaccurate statement, we will provide you with seven (7) days notice (for example, by posting the change on the Facebook Site Governance Page) and an opportunity to comment on changes to this Statement.

We only provide data to our advertising partners or customers after we have removed your name and any other personally identifying information from it, or have combined it with other people's data in a way that it no longer personally identifies you.

Company agrees to host the server portion of Applications on its cloud service in accordance with Company's Service Level Agreement ("SLA"), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Company will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law.

We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online.

We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.

If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.

We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page.

Intuit may be required by law to send you communications about the Services or Third Party Products.

We reserve the right to change this Agreement at any time, and the changes will be effective when posted through the Services, on our website for the Services or when we notify you by other means.

We may also change or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part.

In addition, Intuit will reimburse all such fees and costs for claims totaling less than $75,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.

Likewise, Intuit will not seek its attorneys’ fees or costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines your claims or defenses are frivolous.

oDesk will automatically disburse funds to Freelancers according to the payment instructions on file with oDesk no more than one month after funds become payable (or within six months, for amounts less than $100).

oDesk will promptly investigate the Time Log to determine, in its sole discretion, whether an adjustment is appropriate.

oDesk guarantees payment to Freelancers working on Hourly-Rate Contracts where the Client has a verified payment method, the time represented is captured online using the oDesk Team software, the work performed and captured pertains directly to the Service Contract billed, and each Time Log is annotated with appropriate work memos describing the work performed (the "Payment Guarantee").

Subject to Section 2.9 (Dispute Resolution Policy), oDesk shall pay Freelancer, in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 (Invoices and Payment Methods), for all time recorded in the Time Logs incurred prior to the effective date of the termination.