You must be 13 or older to use this Service.

You must be a human to use this Service.

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password.

2.5.1 Customer will be responsible for receiving and responding to all calls for support from his End Users for the Software and for performing initial problem analysis, diagnosis, and replication of the problem at Customer’s location.

4.1 Customer subscribed to 3scale DEVELOPER, POWER or PRO plans will pay a monthly-based subscription fee for the license and services detailed in this Agreement and based on a subscription price with the capacity and traffic limits herein as detailed in Section 3.

Customer will be responsible for and will reimburse 3scale for all sales, use, excise (but not corporate excise), or other similar state or local taxes.

5.1 Customer must complete the 3scale registration process, in which case, Customer agrees to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about himself/herself or his/her company as prompted by the Service registration form (such information being the Registration Data) and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.

You are responsible for any failure in the payment caused by errors of the banking data provided in this process.

5.4 Customer declares that the information provided for the items organizational name, legal address, tax identifier, country of residence and contact email address are (a) true, accurate, current and complete information about himself/herself or his/her company as prompted by the Service registration form (such information being the Registration Data) and (b) will be maintained and promptly updated to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.

5.7 Customer will create a password and account during the Service registration process.

Customer is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and is fully responsible for all activities that occur under his/her password or account.

Customer agrees to (a) immediately notify 3scale of any unauthorized use of the password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that Customer exits from the account at the end of each session.

7.1 Customer agrees that he will display the “Powered by 3scale” logo on the Software Developer Portal.

Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

You agree to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with other users of the Services, particularly if you decide to meet offline or in person.

You will follow our Promotions Guidelines and all applicable laws if you publicize or offer any contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes (“promotion”) on Facebook.

If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you (and not Facebook) are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it.

You will only request data you need to operate your application.

You will have a privacy policy that tells users what user data you are going to use and how you will use, display, share, or transfer that data and you will include your privacy policy URL in the Developer Application.

You will delete all data you receive from us concerning a user if the user asks you to do so, and will provide a mechanism for users to make such a request.

You will comply with all other restrictions contained in our Facebook Platform Policies.

You will make it easy for users to remove or disconnect from your application.

You will make it easy for users to contact you. We can also share your email address with users and others claiming that you have infringed or otherwise violated their rights.

You will provide customer support for your application.

You will comply with all applicable laws.

You will pay for your Orders in accordance with our Payments Terms.

Your ads will comply with our Advertising Guidelines.

You are responsible for paying for all ads that run.

You will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute (claim) you have with us arising out of or relating to this Statement or Facebook exclusively in the U.S.

4.1 You shall retain all copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights notices contained on or in the Company Software.

4.3 You agree to comply with the Company's Acceptable Use Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference.

You agree to pay all fees charged by Company.

You agree to promptly pay Company in the event of any refusal of your credit card issuer to pay any amount to Company for any reason.

You agree to pay all costs of collection, including attorneys' fees and costs, on any outstanding balance.

You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of subscription fees for the renewal term to your credit card.

To terminate this Agreement, you must use the online Company Software account cancellation forms.

11.1 You agree to keep confidential and not use other than in the performance of this Agreement or disclose to a third party any information of Company that You know or reasonably should know is confidential to Company.

You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.

6.1 You are responsible for your content.

You are responsible for all materials ("Content") uploaded, posted or stored through your use of the Services.

7.4 You will manage your passwords and accept updates.

You are responsible for securely managing your password(s) for the Services and to contact Intuit if you become aware of any unauthorized access to your account.

You agree to receive these updates.

Upon termination you must immediately stop using the Services and any outstanding payments will become due.

You agree that you will comply with these laws and regulations, and will not export or re-export any part of the Services, in violation of these laws and regulations, directly or indirectly.

You agree to pay the fee no later than thirty (30) from date of invoice.

Further, you must (a) include the following phrase “Works/Interoperates with QuickBooks” when marketing your Developer Application;

All developers must comply with the ID Development Requirements and Guidelines [click here to view] and Security Guidelines [click here to view], which may be updated by Intuit from time to time.

You must not use or access any data that end user has not specifically authorized you to use for the Developer Application.

You must require separate end user consent for each type of data requested, ie. QuickBooks Online data and QuickBooks Payment data.

You shall notify its end users, and obtain their consent where required by applicable laws.

Prior to accessing any End User Data, you shall create and make available to end users your privacy policy related to the sharing of customer information and data between you and any third party.

You agree to cooperate with Intuit in the submission process and to answer questions and provide information and materials reasonably requested by Intuit regarding your Developer Application, the operation of your business, or the performance of any of your obligations under this Agreement.

You shall notify Intuit of any security breach of End User Data within your system, network or application as soon as reasonably practicable to apprise Intuit of such event.

If your Developer Application(s) exchange credit card data with Intuit products or services, you must only distribute Developer Applications that (i) comply with local laws, credit card association and processor regulations including, but not limited to, all requirements set forth in the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standard and the Payment Application Data Security Standards, as applicable (which can be found at https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/) for protecting cardholder data, (ii) ensure secure data handling in compliance with all regulations, including industry standard secure access mechanisms such as SSL based HTTPS connections.

In the event that access is denied to Intuit’s credit card services you will continue to treat cardholder data as confidential and continue to protect cardholder data in compliance with local laws, credit card association and processor regulations including, but not limited to, all requirements set forth in the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard for protecting cardholder data.

Upon request, you will provide documentation evidencing your compliance with all applicable PCI requirements.

Upon Intuit’s request pursuant to a regulatory, governmental or end user inquiry, you agree to fully cooperate with Intuit, including providing Intuit with access and information relating to your business and Developer Application, to assist with any investigation or inquiry related to your use of the Service or the development, marketing or distribution of the Developer Application.

Your storage of user credentials (e.g., username, password, account numbers, etc.), must comply with Intuit’s Password Policy [click here to view].

You agree to fully comply with the provisions of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) and UK Bribery Act 2010 and any other law applicable to the specific territory where the Developer Application is distributed, prohibiting foreign bribery and improper payments.

You (“Developer”) must include minimum terms with any distribution of a Developer Application that you make available to any end user, customer, partner, or other third party (“Licensee”), which are no less protective of Intuit and its affiliates and suppliers than those set forth herein and in all material form the terms set forth below.

If you include any authorized or otherwise legally-compliant references to QuickBooks or any Intuit products or brand names in the advertising or promotion of your Developer Applications, you must comply with these Advertising Restrictions.

All sponsored ad titles must lead with Developer’s own marks or names, or with industry descriptors, and cannot lead with Intuit brands.

If Developer advertises a Developer Application on search engines outside the United States (e.g., google.ca or yahoo.co.uk), Developer must ensure that such Application truly interoperates with the corresponding localized version of the Intuit product.

Developers must designate the appropriate countries/regions for the ad.

Search engine ads must point to Developer’s own web site, and a page containing actionable information about the Developer Application.

When using Intuit marks in search engine ads, Developer must avoid any false claims or statements of affiliation, endorsement or sponsorship, where no such relationship exists.

You must include the following copyright attribution statement on all materials containing Intuit screen shots: "Screen shots © Intuit Inc. All rights reserved."

If your materials include references to an Intuit product, the full name of the product with corresponding trademark symbol should be shown in plain text at the first and/or most prominent mention (i.e., QuickBooks®, Quicken®) in such materials.

You must include the following copyright attribution statement on all materials containing Intuit screen shots: "Screen shots © Intuit Inc.

If your materials include references to an Intuit product, the full name of the product with corresponding trademark symbol should be shown in plain text at the first and/or most prominent mention (i.e., QuickBooks®, Quicken®) in such materials.

In order to access the Service, API Providers and API Consumers must register with Mashape by completing the registration forms provided via the Site.

You must notify Mashape immediately if you learn of an unauthorized use of your Mashape account or password.

API Owner, not Mashape, is responsible for monitoring and enforcing the API Content/Terms applicable to each API to which it grants an API Consumer access.

You must stop accessing or using the Service immediately if Mashape suspends or terminates your license to access or use the Service.

