You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without the express written permission by Apitools.

1.5. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

2.4.2 Customer agrees that the license granted herein is not a concurrent user license and that the rights granted to Customer are provided to Customer on the condition that Customer does not (and does not allow any third party to) copy, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, disassemble, or decompile the Software or any part thereof otherwise attempt to discover any source code, modify the Software in any manner or form, or use unauthorized modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of building a similar or competitive product or service or for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Software.

2.4.3 Customer is expressly prohibited from sublicensing use of the Software to any third parties.

You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.

You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services, except as expressly permitted in the Terms of Use.

You may not assign or transfer the Terms of Use, by operation of law or otherwise, without Datadog's prior express written consent.

You will not post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) on Facebook.

You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access Facebook, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.

You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on Facebook.

You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.

You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.

You will not bully, intimidate, or harass any user.

You will not post content that: is hate speech, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.

You will not develop or operate a third-party application containing alcohol-related, dating or other mature content (including advertisements) without appropriate age-based restrictions.

You will not use Facebook to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.

You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of Facebook, such as a denial of service attack or interference with page rendering or other Facebook functionality.

You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our policies.

You will not provide any false personal information on Facebook, or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission.

You will not create more than one personal account.

If we disable your account, you will not create another one without our permission.
You will not use your personal timeline primarily for your own commercial gain, and will use a Facebook Page for such purposes.

You will not use Facebook if you are under 13.

You will not use Facebook if you are a convicted sex offender.

You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date.

You will not share your password (or in the case of developers, your secret key), let anyone else access your account, or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account.

You will not transfer your account (including any Page or application you administer) to anyone without first getting our written permission.

You will not post content or take any action on Facebook that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law.

You will not use our copyrights or trademarks (including Facebook, the Facebook and F Logos, FB, Face, Poke, Book and Wall), or any confusingly similar marks, except as expressly permitted by our Brand Usage Guidelines or with our prior written permission.

You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information on Facebook.

You will not tag users or send email invitations to non-users without their consent.

You will not place a Social Plugin on any page containing content that would violate this Statement if posted on Facebook.

You will not use, display, share, or transfer a user’s data in a manner inconsistent with your privacy policy.

You will not include data you receive from us concerning a user in any advertising creative.

You will not directly or indirectly transfer any data you receive from us to (or use such data in connection with) any ad network, ad exchange, data broker, or other advertising related toolset, even if a user consents to that transfer or use.

You will not sell user data.  If you are acquired by or merge with a third party, you can continue to use user data within your application, but you cannot transfer user data outside of your application.

You will not show third party ads or web search boxes on www.facebook.com.

You will not sell, transfer, or sublicense our code, APIs, or tools to anyone.

You will not misrepresent your relationship with Facebook to others.

You will not issue any press release or make public statements about your relationship with Facebook without our prior written permission.

You will not modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license, or we give you express written permission.

You will not use Facebook if you are prohibited from receiving products, services, or software originating from the United States.

Your settings do not control whether people can find you or a link to your timeline when they search for content they have permission to see, like a photo or other story in which you've been tagged.

When you hide something from your timeline, you are not deleting it.

Sometimes you will not be able to select an audience when you post something (like when you write on a Page's wall or comment on a news article that uses our comments plugin).

You may not export or re-export any of the Company Software or Application except in compliance with the United States Export Administration Act and the related rules and regulations and similar non-U.S. government restrictions, if applicable.

You may not transfer or assign Your rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Company.

Don’t misuse our Services.

You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law.

These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services.

Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.

Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.

You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.

You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Services or content in a manner that violates any applicable law, regulation or this Agreement.

Do not reveal information that you do not want to make public.

You cannot assign or transfer ownership of this Agreement to anyone without written approval of Intuit.

You shall not use such tools, materials and sample data for other purposes, including commercial use to operate or interface with your Developer Application.

You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device to create QuickBooks or developer accounts for any use and you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.

Notwithstanding any terms, you shall not use the Harmony Toolkit for any applications, services or products that (i) do not interoperate with QuickBooks Online; and (ii) do not provide substantial functionality and feature beyond core accounting capabilities offered in QuickBooks Online.

You agree that you will not (and will not permit any third party to) directly or indirectly: (a) distribute, sell, lease, rent, lend, or sublicense any part of the SDK to any third party except as permitted herein; (b)modify, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, decrypt, decompile, decode, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to obtain the human readable form of the SDK; (c) conduct benchmark testing using all or any portion of the SDK; (d) remove or destroy any copyright notices, proprietary markings or confidential legends placed upon or contained within the SDK; and (e) engage in any activity with the SDK that interferes with, disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks, data, or other properties or services of Intuit or any affiliated third party.

At no point shall you assert or contest Intuit’s exclusive ownership of the foregoing.

You may not use the information from the Services specific to any of your individual end users without first: 1) disclosing to your customer the intention to use the collected information in this manner; 2) obtaining affirmative consent from your customer to such use of the collected information.

You will not use the Intuit Marks, elements of the Intuit Marks or phonetic equivalents of the Intuit Marks: (a) as part of any name or brand for the Developer Applications themselves; (b) as part of any name or brand(s), company names, service names or trade name(s) that appear in connection with the Developer Applications (including but not limited to your own company name, trade name or DBA name); (c) on direct business source identifiers, such as stationery, business cards, company signs, domain names, company websites, or non-tested products; (d) in any other manner not licensed or approved by Intuit, including but not limited to use on promotional merchandise (e.g., t-shirts), tradeshow booths, technical support or consulting services, or other goods or services; or (e) in connection with Developer Applications that are or could be deemed by Intuit, in its sole judgment, to violate Intuit's Partner Platform Development Guidelines.

Under this Agreement, you agree you may not bid on Intuit Marks (such as “QuickBooks”) as standalone keywords in search engines.

This Agreement does not grant Developer the right or license to act as a reseller of Intuit product licenses or service subscriptions unless otherwise provided elsewhere within ID marketing programs.

Your use may not directly or indirectly state or imply sponsorship, affiliation, or endorsement, where no such relationship exists, of your product or service by/with Intuit.

You may not alter the screen shot in any way except to resize the screen shot in direct proportion to the original. Screen shots must be reproduced in their entirety.

You may add commentary or other text if clearly attributable to you, and not to Intuit.

You may not use screen shots from Intuit beta products or other products that are subject to non-disclosure obligations.

You may not use screen shots that contain third-party content unless you obtain their permission.

You may not use the screen shot in an advertisement comparing an Intuit offering to an Intuit competitor’s offering.

You may not use a screen shot that contains an image of an identifiable individual.

Your use of Intuit's screen shots may not be incorporated into obscene or pornographic material, and may not, in Intuit's sole opinion, be disparaging, defamatory, or libelous to Intuit, any of its products, or any other person or entity.

Your materials should not be mostly or solely composed of Intuit screen shots or other Intuit intellectual property.

You will not (and will not allow or authorize any third party to) post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create, solicit, disclose, or otherwise publish through the Service any User Content that is restricted by these Terms.

Mashape's name, trademarks, logos, and any other Mashape product, service name, or slogan included in the Service are property of Mashape and may not be copied, imitated, or used (in whole or in part) without Mashape's prior written consent.

The look and feel of the Service and the Site, including all custom graphics, button icons, and scripts constitute service marks, trademarks, or trade dress of Mashape and may not be copied, imitated, or used (in whole or in part) without Mashape's prior written consent.

You may not assign, delegate, or transfer (by sale, merger, operation of law, or otherwise) these Terms or any right, title, interest, or obligation hereunder without the prior written consent of Mashape.

You will not access (or attempt to access) the Site by any means other than the interface provided, and you will not use information from the Site for any purpose other than the purpose for which it was made available.

You will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the functioning of the Site.

You will not upload or attach an invalid or malicious or unknown file.

You will not insert any external links that may be malicious or unknown to you, or used for offering any goods or services other than Services.

You agree not to "scrape" or disaggregate data from the Site (whether by manual or automated means), for any commercial, marketing, or data compiling or enhancing purpose, or to copy, re-post or re-use data from the Site for any other service.

You agree not to use or provide software (except for general purpose web browsers and email clients, or software expressly licensed by us) or services that interact or interoperate with the Site, e.g. for downloading, uploading, posting, flagging, emailing, search, or mobile use.

User agrees not to disclose this password to anyone (or, in the case of an Agency (as defined below in Section 3), not to disclose this password to anyone who is not a subcontractor of such Agency), and shall be solely responsible under all circumstances for any use of or action taken through the use of such password on the oDesk Platform.

Once suspended or terminated, you MAY NOT continue to use the oDesk Platform under a different account or reregister under a new account.

When your User account is canceled, you may no longer have access to any parts of the oDesk Platform, including data, messages, files and other material you keep on oDesk.

Agency acknowledges and agrees that neither it, nor any of its employees or agents, shall have any claim under this Agreement for overtime pay, sick leave, holiday or vacation pay, retirement benefits, worker's compensation benefits, unemployment benefits, or any other employee benefits of any kind from oDesk or Client.

Freelancer agrees that it will be paid solely by oDesk and Freelancer will not have any recourse against Client if Freelancer is not paid by oDesk.

Freelancer acknowledges that, without limiting any other remedies, Freelancer shall not be entitled to payment for, and shall refund to Client any payments previously made by Client to Freelancer for, any Services performed on a Service Contract if the Work Product contains any Pre-existing IP that was not approved in accordance with this Section 3.7.

Freelancer does not have authority to enter into written or oral - whether implied or express - contracts on behalf of Client.

For Contracts classified as independent contractor relationships, Client may not require an exclusive relationship between Client and Freelancer.