2.2.1 3scale hereby provides Customer with a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and terminable license to access and use 3scale’s API Management solution (“Software”) solely for Customer’s operations.

Customer’s operations include the right to allow Customer’s customer access to the Software interfaces to transact business with Customer.

Customer may permit its third party contractors, subject to confidentiality and use obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Agreement, to access and use the Software solely in connection with services provided by such third party contractors to Customer.

2.2.5 The parties acknowledge, that as between them, all data entered by Customer or its representatives into the Software or 3scale’s systems (“Customer Data”) is owned by Customer. Under no circumstances will 3scale withhold the Customer Data from Customer or prevent Customer from obtaining access to the Customer Data.

2.6.3 Customer can deploy API Traffic Management agents in as many environments as desired without additional license cost – both production and non-production.

4.6 Transaction History: unless Customer account has been disabled by 3scale or otherwise, Customer will be able to access to its monetary transactions in the system by logging in to the system with their access user name and password.

4.7 Yearly payment & Applicable Discount: Customer shall have the option of making yearly payments for 12 Months of Software licensing.

5.2 Customer will be able to select a preferred payment method to receive money generated by provision of web services through 3scale.

5.5 Customer can review and change Personally Identifiable Information, password or banking details at any time by going to the “Account” page area in the Administration Dashboard once signed into Customer’s account.

5.8 If Customer provides information of any kind which is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or 3scale has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, 3scale has the right to suspend or terminate the account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Software (or any portion thereof).

9.1 Customer may terminate this Agreement at any point in time upon notification to 3scale.

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Countly's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.

Datadog authorizes you to download, view and print any content available as part of the Services solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes (except as provided otherwise in Section 8 with respect to your own User Content), and subject to the restrictions set forth in the Terms of Use.

Users may access the Services via Datadog’s Application Program Interface (“API”).

You retain ownership rights to log audit and any other data contributed by You in connection with the Services (“User Content”).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, You may also disclose to us certain User Content, including without limitation feedback and comments, via Datadog’s community communication tools, such as wikis and bulletin boards (“User Proposals”).

You own all of the content and information you post on Facebook, and you can control how it is shared through your privacy and application settings.

We give you permission to use Facebook's Social Plugins so that users can post links or content from your website on Facebook.

We give you all rights necessary to use the code, APIs, data, and tools you receive from us.

You may use the logos we make available to developers or issue a press release or other public statement so long as you follow our Facebook Platform Policies.

You can cancel your Order at any time through our online portal, but it may take up to 24 hours before the ad stops running.

You may also delete your account or disable your application at any time.

Whenever you post content (like a status update, photo or check-in), you can select a specific audience, or even customize your audience.

Whenever you add things to your timeline you can select a specific audience, or even customize your audience.

When someone tags you in a story (such as a photo, status update or check-in), you can choose whether you want that story to appear on your timeline.

You can choose who can look up your timeline using the email address or telephone number you added to your timeline through your Privacy Settings.

For example, you can do things like delete stories, change the audience of your stories or stop an application from publishing to your timeline on your behalf.

You can choose whether a story you've been tagged in appears on your timeline.

You can either approve each story individually or approve all stories by your friends.

If you approve a story and later change your mind, you can always remove it from your timeline.

If that does not work, you can block them.

If you are uncomfortable making any of these photos public, you can always delete them.

If you are uncomfortable making your network public, you can leave the network .

If you do not want your information to be accessible to Platform applications, you can turn off all Platform applications from your Privacy Settings.

While you are allowing us to use the information we receive about you, you always own all of your information.

If this feature is enabled for you, you can control whether we suggest that another user tag you in a photo using the “Timeline and Tagging” settings.

If you want to stop using your account, you can either deactivate or delete it.

You can deactivate your account on your account settings page.

You can delete your account here.

Subject to Your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company hereby grants You, solely during the term of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license, without rights to sublicense, to incorporate libraries and APIs that are included in the Company Software into Your Applications, to reproduce and distribute such libraries and APIs together with Your Applications and to access, use, perform and display the Company Software via the Internet, solely for use with Your Applications.

3.1 As between the parties and except for the licenses granted by this Agreement, (a) You retain all right, title and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, in and to the Applications, the Content and the Brand Features and Marks and (b) Company retains all right, title, and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, in and to the Company Software.

If You believe any materials accessible on or from Company Software or the Services infringe Your copyright, You may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from Company Software and the Services by submitting written notification to our Copyright Agent (designated below).

You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations.

You may opt out of some of those communications.

You may create your own Google Account, or your Google Account may be assigned to you by an administrator, such as your employer or educational institution.

If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Center.

You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content.

For example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad.

Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services.

You can stop using our Services at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go.

Until termination of this Agreement and as long as you meet any applicable payment obligations and comply with this Agreement, Intuit grants to you a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable right and license to use the Services.

With some Intuit Services you may upload or enter data from your account(s) such as names, addresses and phone numbers, purchases, etc., to the Internet.

You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Intuit grants you a limited, royalty-free, non- assignable, non-transferrable, revocable, personal and non-exclusive license to use and reproduce elements of the SDK solely to develop or test your applications that will access or interface with ID (“Developer Application”).

You may use anonymous, non-live data only.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may(a) access ID solely for purposes of developing and testing your Developer Application; and (b) permit your end user customers to access their end user data from the Intuit Developer solely via the Developer Application, provided that, the end user has expressly authorized Intuit to share his end user data with you.


You may use anonymous and aggregated Protected Information collected or stored through the Services to conduct certain analytical research, performance tracking, benchmarking, and decision making.

You may also publish research data comprised of anonymous aggregate data from time to time, and may use, display, distribute or license such aggregated research de-identified, anonymized, data to third parties for purposes of helping to improve your products and services and assist in troubleshooting and technical support.

Subject to your compliance with the terms of this Agreement and your continued  good standing status within the Intuit Developer ecosystem, Intuit hereby grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license in the Territory to use the QuickBooks Logo(s) solely in your own marketing and promotional materials, and solely for the purpose of visually depicting the ability of your Developer Application(s) to interoperate and synchronize data with QuickBooks Online or QuickBooks Payments only, as applicable.

Developer may bid on phrases like “free QuickBooks” only when promoting free Intuit offerings or trials (like QuickBooks Simple Start Edition), but may not bid on Intuit brands stand-alone when promoting a free Intuit product.

Developer may use words like “discount,” “deal,” and “low cost” in sponsored ads that also contain Intuit marks, but avoid use of words that may negatively affect Intuit’s brands, like “cheap,” “blowout,” “bargain,” “fire sale,” etc.